graduate ServiceIPStaticSubrange to GA (#37432)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

assignments (eg due to administrator intervention) and for cleaning up allocated
IP addresses that are no longer used by any Services.

Services are using an allocation strategy that divides the `ClusterIP` range into two bands, based on
the size of the configured `service-cluster-ip-range` by using the following formula

> `min(max(16, cidrSize / 16), 256)`, described as _never less than 16 or more than 256,
> with a graduated step function between them_. Dynamic IP allocations will be preferentially

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`min(max(16, cidrSize / 16), 256)`. To paraphrase that formula: _the allocation bands are never
smaller than a range with 16 IP addresses, and neither allocation band is ever more than 256
addresses_; between those limits Kubernetes applies a graduated step function to determine the
size of each allocation band.
Dynamic IP allocations will be preferentially
```
How does this work for IPv6? Is it still a maximum band of 256 IP addresses (a /120 range)?

Author: yep, the allocator doesn't depend on the ip family, only on the size of the range allocated

assignments (eg due to administrator intervention) and for cleaning up allocated
IP addresses that are no longer used by any Services.

> #### IP address ranges for `type: ClusterIP` Services {#service-ip-static-sub-range}

Reviewer 2: You will need to modify the `content/en/blog/_posts/2022-05-03-kubernetes-release-1.24.md` file which references this section.
